Add documentation on working with ScPCA portal data (#326)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: optional-clustering-analysis/README.md

To run this workflow, you will need to provide:

> 1. The RDS file containing the [output `SingleCellExperiment` object](../README.md#expected-output) from the core dowstream analyses workflow or data downloaded from the ScPCA portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The RDS file containing the [output `SingleCellExperiment` object](../README.md#expected-output) from the core dowstream analyses workflow or a processed `SingleCellExperiment` object downloaded from the ScPCA portal (found in the `_processed.rds` file).
```

> 2. A project metadata tab-separated value (TSV) file containing relevant information about your data necessary for processing, the same metadata file used in the core workflow can be used here (see more on this in the ["Metadata file format" section](../README.md#metadata-file-format) and an example of this metadata file [here](../project-metadata/example-library-metadata.tsv)).

Reviewer: Maybe we add a note here that only the `sample_id` and `library_id` columns are actually required?
